Update index.qmd (#24)
fhdsl/Containers_for_Scientists: index.qmd

## Available course formats

> This course is available in multiple formats which allows you to take it in the way that best suites your needs. You can take it for certificate which can be for free or fee.

Author: ```suggestion
This course is available in multiple formats which allows you to take it in the way that best suits your needs. You can take it for a certificate which can be for free or for a fee.
```
